hello good all guys one more day and
as you see today I bring you a new review
as you are seeing I have here the greatest
beast of this fifa ultimate team 14
ibrahimovic report as you see 90 of
half 77 of pace 92 of shot 80 of pas
in 90 Dodge 55 defense and 81
head four stars of bad leg and
five filigree star to me the
have left to do the review but with
it cost him around two million one hundred
a thousand coins now I think it's more
expensive up to about two million five hundred
a thousand coins as you are seeing here
nine games 12 goals are not those
really because I left it badly
left twice and that's why that's why
are the goals really counted as
you see has normal attack rate and
defense index under what is not
not bad honestly 195 tall and it's
a beast as you are seeing now
same here we have their pros and their
cons
as pro we can say that is great about
clear head also influences 195 of
height is critical has a kilogram of
incredible quality you will see in the
clips got you a couple of goals from
very very good quality have a shot or
power shot very very good or
the sticks very well the break a good pass
could also go well from mc or I think
I would also take many balls is very
strong is I think the strongest player
that I have tried it is very difficult to throw it and
he goes many times of the rivals only
with his body very good haggling
because it has its 5 stars of
filigree and has a good shot with the
bad leg has four stars of
bad leg but it hits very well like
against we can say that it is very expensive
true that it is expensive but of course it is a
player that attracts a lot of attention and
that's why its price is somewhat slow
honestly I do not know myself this player in
real life did not see him as slow as he
they put on fifa and that sometimes it 's so bad
positioned myself many times I
I find that it is too low and I
It costs a lot to carry the ball
for nothing now let's move on to analyze
your states as you are seeing here
we have your are have like 20 96 of
ball control have ball control
excellent 94 94 dribbling effect 98
definition incredible definition of this
86 player precision launch
of 93 foul from long shots 98 penalties
88 short pass 99 shot power
as he had told us before and 96 of
volleys then we have in attributes
physical 92 agility 91's
anticipation 81 universities your point
weak as I said also before 93 of
resistance and 95 strength as well
it had been said before very strong this
player 97 aggressiveness and 83 of
positioning from below also does not
I had said before that it is not always
well positioned and 84 division then
up here I'm studying them in this
player
I'm going to leave now with some clips I hope
that you liked the review as
always at the end of the video you will have the
note that you put this player and nothing
blades subscribe follow me on twitter and
see you in the next video bye bye
on fire
no longer
ah
although they love me in summer in you that
dude
the fmi
it must have an end
light my way was a day to add now
the 19 that there is for light ice cream and
manchester the flames
because you gave me
who wins
being the family
I have already been told that it starts in that type
of art is that the average
last night is good
beijing and delicious lightcap no longer
smell city
I am me
week
the days
I always tremble
cancer